FFM-8011, FFM-8015: adds python sdk + ff server relnotes (#1884)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

#### Feature Flags server

The **FF server** has been updated to version **1.1071.0** with the following updates.

* For customers with a large volume of targets (in the millions), the Target page load time could be slow. Harness has introduced additional indexes to improve the response time of this page. (FFM-7988)

> * There was an issue when Git Sync was first configured, a sync was not attempted until a flag was changed or a new one was created. With this fix, a sync is immediately attempted when you configure Git Sync, and the existing flags in your project are backed up to the remote file. (FFM-7681)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the following issue: When a user first configured Git Sync, the system did not attempt a sync until a flag was created or updated. Now, when you configure Git Sync, the system immediately attempts a sync and backs up the flags in your project to the remote file. (FFM-7681)
```
Suggested rewrite to make it more active...

Author: Thanks, Doug. I need to merge immediately... hopefully the existing is not too bad.
